README.md, before:

# PA-VBA
This is a collection of sub procedures and functions which I've created and implemented whilst administrating the Corporate Credit Card program of a well-known conglomerate. The majority of the code is related to automating the sending of notification emails from MS Access and Excel.

There are several PERSONAL.XLSB sub procedures included which I also run on a daily basis.

## Access

The Access folder consists of macros from a custom database I created specifically for the role; all the macros are run from forms in an executable-only version of the database.

## Excel

Excel is used largely for ad-hoc reporting, and the generation and sending of a set of emails with attachments each morning.

### send_ssc_emails

This script eliminated ~90 minutes of work each morning. The original process included:
- Manually creating emails with concatenated strings from a CSV for subjects,
- Attaching a file with the same name as one record in the CSV,
- Sending them to the same email address.

Commit message:

added further explanation
Explanation regarding the script's function and why sends things an awkward way

README.md, after:

# PA-VBA
This is a collection of sub procedures and functions which I've created and implemented whilst administrating the Corporate Credit Card program of a well-known conglomerate. The majority of the code is related to automating the sending of notification emails from MS Access and Excel.

There are several PERSONAL.XLSB sub procedures included which I also run on a daily basis.

## Access

The Access folder consists of macros from a custom database I created specifically for the role; all the macros are run from forms in an executable-only version of the database.

## Excel

Excel is used largely for ad-hoc reporting, and the generation and sending of a set of emails with attachments each morning.

### send_ssc_emails

This script eliminated \~90 minutes of work each morning. The original process included:
- Manually creating emails with concatenated strings from a CSV for subjects,
- Attaching a file with the same name as one record in the CSV,
- Sending them to the same email address.

The script takes between 3 and 5 minutes to run on its own now. The reason it takes so long is a result of the awkward way of sending each email to comply with the receiving server's 'anti-spam' protocols.
